en: add doc about volume snapshot backup/restore across multiple kubernetes (#2406) (#2446)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-by-ebs-snapshot-across-multiple-kubernetes.md

## Prerequisites

Storage blocks on volumes that were created from snapshots must be initialized (pulled down from Amazon S3 and written to the volume) before you can access the block. This preliminary action takes time and can cause a significant increase in the latency of an I/O operation the first time each block is accessed. Volume performance is achieved after all blocks have been downloaded and written to the volume.

According to AWS documentation, the EBS volume restored from snapshots might have high latency before it is initialized. This can impact the performance of a restored TiDB cluster. See details in [Create a volume from a snapshot](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-creating-volume.html#ebs-create-volume-from-snapshot).

To initialize the restored volume more efficiently, it is recommended to **separate WAL and raft log into a dedicated small volume apart from TiKV data**. By fully initializing the volume of WAL and raft log separately, we can enhance write performance for a restored TiDB cluster.

## Limitations

> - Snapshot backup is applicable to TiDB Operator v1.5.1 or later versions, and TiDB v6.5.4 or later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Snapshot backup is applicable to TiDB Operator v1.5.2 or later versions, and TiDB v6.5.8 or later versions.
```
